Slew of minor doc fixes (#20860)
visit-dav/visit: src/doc/tutorials/Scripting.rst

.. toctree::
       :maxdepth: 2

This section describes the VisIt_ Command-line Interface (CLI).

Command-line interface overview
-------------------------------

> VisIt_ includes a rich a command-line interface that is based on Python 2.7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VisIt_ includes a rich a command-line interface that is based on Python 3.13.
```
